#### MPP-E1180: Introduction to Collaborative Social Science Data Analysis
##### Tax Morale in Africa - *Assignments 2,3 & Final Collaborative Research Project*
##### Jasmin Cantzler & Wiebke Weiger

*The second pair assignment is a proposal for your Collaborative Research Project. It is an opportunity for you to layout your research paper question and methodology, basic literature review (properly cited using BibTeX), and identify data sources that you can access to help answer your question. You will also demonstrate your understanding of literate programming technologies. Deadline: 23 October, 2,000 words maximum, 10% of final grade.*

*In the third pair assignment you will gather web based data from at least two sources, merge the data sets, conduct basic inferential statistics on the data to address a relevant research question and briefly describe the results including with dynamically generated tables and figures. Students are encouraged to access data and perform statistical analyses with an eye to answering questions relevant for their Collaborative Research Project. Deadline: 6 November. The write up should be 1,500 words maximum and use literate programming, 10% of final grade.*

*For the Collaborative Research Project you will pose an interesting social science question and attempt to answer it using standard academic practices including original data collection and statistical analysis. The project should be considered a ‘dry run’ for your thesis. The project has three presentation outputs designed to present your research to multiple audiences. The first is an oral presentation (10 minute maximum) given in the final class. The second is a standard academic paper (5,000 words maximum) that is fully reproducible and dynamically generated. The third is a website designed to present key aspects of your research in an engaging way to a general audience. The paper and website are due in the Final Exam Week. The presentation and website are each worth 10% of your final mark. The paper is worth 30%.*
